Update readme (#7)
blindnet-io/sdk-javascript-client: README.md

<h1 align="center">
  blindnet devkit<br />Javascript Client SDK
</h1>

<p align=center><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7578400/163277439-edd00509-1d1b-4565-a0d3-49057ebeb92a.png#gh-light-mode-only" height="80" /></p>
<p align=center><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7578400/163549893-117bbd70-b81a-47fd-8e1f-844911e48d68.png#gh-dark-mode-only" height="80" /></p>

<p align="center">

>   <strong>JavaScript <a href="https://blindnet.dev/docs/extra/glossary/#client-side-sdk">client-side SDK</a> for e2e encryption and users management.</strong>

Reviewer: Structure of the docs changed a bit. Remove `/extra` from every _blindnet.dev_ link in the README

</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://blindnet.dev"><strong>blindnet.dev</strong></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://blindnet.dev/docs">Documentation</a>
  &nbsp;•&nbsp;
  <!-- TODO: <a href="CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing Guidelines</a>
  &nbsp;•&nbsp; -->
  <a href="https://github.com/blindnet-io/sdk-javascript-client/issues">Submit an Issue</a>
  &nbsp;•&nbsp;
  <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/blindnet/shared_invite/zt-1arqlhqt3-A8dPYXLbrnqz1ZKsz6ItOg">Online Chat</a>
  <br>
  <br>
</p>

## About

This is the JavaScript client-side SDK component of [blindnet devkit][devkit] allowing you to:

- [encrypt and decrypt data](https://blindnet.dev/docs/extra/glossary/#encrypted-data) for users,
- and manage [user](https://blindnet.dev/docs/extra/glossary/#key-pair) and [data](https://docs.blindnet.io/docs/extra/glossary/#encrypted-data-key) encryption keys.

## Get Started

> :rocket: Check out our [Quick Start Guide](http://localhost:3000/docs/quickstart) to get started in a snap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:rocket: Check out our [Quick Start Guide](https://blindnet.dev/docs/quickstart) to get started in a snap.
```

Reviewer 2: oupsy :sweat_smile:

```bash
npm install @blindnet/sdk-javascript
```

## Usage

📑 The API reference of this SDK is available on [blindnet.dev](https://blindnet.dev/docs/api_reference/client/javascript/latest).

## Contributing

Contributions of all kinds are always welcome!

If you see a bug or room for improvement in this project in particular, please [open an issue][new-issue] or directly [fork this repository][fork] to submit a Pull Request.

If you have any broader questions or suggestions, just open a simple informal [DevRel Request][request], and we'll make sure to quickly find the best solution for you.

## Community

> All community participation is subject to blindnet’s [Code of Conduct][coc].

Stay up to date with new releases and projects, learn more about how to protect your privacy and that of our users, and share projects and feedback with our team.

- [Join our Slack Workspace][chat] to chat with the blindnet community and team
- Follow us on [Twitter][twitter] to stay up to date with the latest news
- Check out our [Openness Framework][openness] and [Product Management][product] on Github to see how we operate and give us feedback.

## License

> The blindnet devkit sdk-javascript-client is available under [MIT](license) (and [here](https://github.com/blindnet-io/openness-framework/blob/main/docs/decision-records/DR-0001-oss-license.md) is why).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blindnet devkit sdk-javascript-client is available under [MIT][license] (and [here](https://github.com/blindnet-io/openness-framework/blob/main/docs/decision-records/DR-0001-oss-license.md) is why).
```
